# Triangle567

1. **Assignment Description:** The objective of this assignment is to report on existing code and existing test cases. Existing code for Triangle classification needs to be analyzed, bug tested, and classified appropriately after removing defects found and tested. Sometimes you will be given a program that someone else has written, and you will be asked to fix, update and enhance that program. In this assignment you will start with an existing implementation of the classify triangle program that will be given to you.   You will also be given a starter test program that tests the classify triangle program, but those tests are not complete. In order to determine if the program is correctly implemented, you will need to update the set of test cases in the test program.  You will need to update the test program until you feel that your tests adequately test all of the conditions. Then you should run the complete set of tests against the original triangle program to see how correct the triangle program is. Capture and then report on those results in a formal test report described below. For this first part you should not make any changes to the classify triangle program. You should only change the test program. Based on the results of your initial tests, you will then update the classify triangle program to fix all defects. Continue to run the test cases as you fix defects until all of the defects have been fixed. Run one final execution of the test program and capture and then report on those results in a formal test report described below. Note that you should NOT simply replace the logic with your logic from Assignment 1. Test teams typically don't have the luxury of rewriting code from scratch and instead must fix what's delivered to the test team.   
2. **Author:** Omar Abdelmotaleb
3. **Summary:** After looking over all of the code for Triangle and TestTriangle, the errors became very obvious and clear to fix. Most of it was minor logical altercations. The testing format is not the most organized but that's what I was given with and had to work with. Reflecting further, I had to resist the urge to just copy and paste the logic I had in my assignment's code because I don't have the luxury to always do something like that in the real world I have to work with what I have. Furthermore, I think I could've done a better job segmenting the testing runs in multiple sequences to ensure conciseness. I did it all in sort of one go because of how simple and basic the assignment errors were, but in reality there is a contrast where you can't do it in one run or it's not wise to do so.
4. **Honor pledge:** I pledge my honor that I have abided by the Stevens Honor System.
5. **Detailed Results:** I don't have any in depth detailed results to offer for this assignment particularly.